ActionMenu component (#3081)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/proud-rings-float.md

---
"@navikt/ds-react": patch
---

> Modal: Closebutton now avoids running when repeated keystrokes is detected. This is helps stop accidental closing of Modal when 'Enter'-key is held down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modal: Close button now avoids triggering when repeated keystrokes are detected. This helps stop accidental closing of Modal when 'Enter'-key is held down.
```
